File 1:		Start of Chapter 3: Decay - Cliffhanger Route
File 2:		Andy is about to go after Leyley as she just ran out.
File 3:		At grandparents house, Andy needs to once again go after Leyley.
File 4:		End of flashback sequence, back to present.
File 5:		Interact with magazines to continue; you can run to the right as soon as dialogue ends to avoid the officers and get an achievement after leaving the store.
			Getting spotted leads to some interesting dialogue choices so I recommend loading back after the achievement.
File 6:		You can either go up or down, both will lead to the same place but going up allows you to pick the engagement ring.
			Picking the ring is only relevant in Shots and Such route. I picked it anyways because it was my first time going here and I wanted to read the dialogue.
File 7:		Start of Andrew's vision with the trinket.
File 8:		You can pick one of two options here: "Andy." or "Andrew."
			Picking Andy will lead you to an dead end, and you'll get an achievement for it.
			After you reach the dead end, you will immediatelly sent back to this moment, and will be forced to pick Andrew.
			Picking Andrew, before or after picking Andy, will lead you to the actual ending.
			For your first time playing, I'd recommend going for "Andy.", but there's no reason to replay this route more than once as Shots and Such doesn't change anything in here.
File 9:		Picked "Andrew." Interact with the payphone and select "Test Her." for a star and some interesting dialogue. Go after the campers.
File 10:	Talk with the campers, whatever choice you make doesn't affect the outcome, but still lead to funny dialogue changes.
File 11:	Kid called the cops, you can choose to just leave the kid behind and go back or kill the kid for an achievement.
			First time playing, you should kill for the achievement, but killing or not doesn't actually change anything in the game so if you're replaying it you can just ignore him.
			To kill him, grab the rock on the right and interact with the car, then take the kid out and kill him.
File 12:	You have 4 seconds to enter the portal. If you wait, you get an dead end and a achievement. Do that and the game will bring you back here right after where you can enter the portal.
File 13:	Kiss. Then go solve the puzzle dumbass. I won't give the solution here cuz I'm lazy + it's easy.
File 14:	If you haven't unlocked the vision room, interact with the little rc kart to unlock it. Then go to sleep.
File 15:	Go to sleep again...
File 16:	Interact with the mug to unlock a vision.
File 17:	Interact with ringing phone to continue, answer "FALSE" to all questions to get an achievement. Answers don't affect the outcome of the game.
File 18:	Interact with wife and select choker for a star. Choosing other options doesn't really change the outcome of the game as far as I know.
File 19:	Interact with papers to do Leyley's homework, answer everything correctly to get an achievement.
File 20:	Kill all Ashleys, including the real one, for an achievement; just interact and select the middle option. The real Ashley is the second one.
File 21:	Fix drawing and then go to your room and talk to Ashley.
File 22:	Interact with phone to unlock a vision. You can then run straight to the door, already got the key.
File 23:	End of Chapter 3.