File 1:		Start of Chapter 3: Decay - Shoots and Shot Route
File 2:		End of flashback sequence, back to present.
File 3:		Interact with magazines to continue; you can run to the right as soon as dialogue ends to avoid the officers and get an achievement after leaving the store.
			Getting spotted leads to some interesting dialogue choices so I recommend loading back after the achievement.
File 4:		You can either go up or down, both will lead to the same place but going up allows you to pick the engagement ring.
			Picking the ring is only relevant in Shoots and Shots route (afaik).
File 5:		Start of Andrew's vision with the trinket.
File 6:		You can pick one of two options here: "Andy." or "Andrew."
			Picking "Andy" will lead you to an dead end, and you'll get an achievement for it.
			After you reach the dead end, you will immediatelly sent back to this moment, and will be forced to pick "Andrew".
			Picking Andrew, before or after picking "Andy", will lead you to the actual ending.
			It takes abt 20/30 minutes to reach the end when you pick "Andy" so I won't bother adding those saves for now.
File 7:		Picked "Andrew", go after the campers. (On Cliffhanger route, you can also interact with the phone booth to get some interesting dialogue.)
File 8:		Talk to the campers to befriend them, the choice you make between friends or cousins isn't really relevant but changes dialogue so i'm saving this here.
File 9:		Kid called the cops, you can choose to just leave the kid behind and go back or kill the kid for an achievement.
			First time playing, should kill for the achievement, but killing or not doesn't actually change anything in the game (afaik) so if you're replaying it you can just ignore him.
			To kill him, grab the rock on the right and interact with the car, then take the kid out and kill him.
File 10:	You have 4 seconds to enter the portal. If you wait, you get an dead end and a achievement. Do that and the game will bring you back here right after where you can enter the portal.
File 11:	You can try catching Ashley, that will give you an dead end + achievement. After that the game will revert you back to this moment and you can just not catch her to continue.


ok so i haven't played this route nearly enough to know about all the relevant shit, i'm leaving this here as is for now
once i finish playing through everything i'll come back to this
